okay sorry all right this is the ipfs
All Hands call for July 17th 2017 and ah
the agenda is up in github so and Hector
is the note-taker and I'm Matt Zumwalt
from protocol that we have actually a
lot of new people should and and not a
lot of agenda item should we do a roll
call yeah good yeah all right can I make
a suggestion
yeah that in addition to the roll call
we mentioned like the one thing that's
keeping it separate at night or keeping
us really interested or really capturing
our interest about ipfs right now all
right
Wow we're we're on two pages even with
even with the really big grid view 21
people all right so yeah what was the
Michelle actually actually it's Michelle
if you go first then you can model how
we can water out and then let for and
then we'll go west to east
instead of east to west we're going to
switch it all up all right hoisted by my
own petard
my name is Michelle Wie I'm part of the
protocol labs team focusing on product
across a few of our different projects
with regard to ipfs the thing that is
capturing my attention right now is how
we moved from a world where we have a
lot of really interesting and fantastic
pilot use cases to getting deeper into
the stack of organizations and becoming
part of more organization with critical
infrastructure and accordingly
what what what features are capabilities
we need to build to make that attractive
and possible cool o west coast of the US
north to town
I guess Oh
is there anyone in like Seattle or again
or anything I'm going yeah I'm in
Seattle I think I have North you for a
moment
so come on this here so I work on if
your name stuff specifically meta mask
which is an account manager under
consensus and what has been keeping me
up is trying to build a a like client
off of Nigeria my client off of I'd be
awesome would be to be and I'll be
demoing that later today
hi I'm PJ me yep it was a bad feeling
yeah I'm Kyle I I have to get this
posted anything I did a cop identity did
an analysis of the family breaks the
other day for a talk and Amazon like all
the big cloud providers they'll charge
the same rates for bandwidth that they
are charging in 2007 and eight other
those kind of interesting they're
exactly ten years behind on that the
current price is banned within my IP
transit freighters itself obviously have
to give us look great way to not have to
pay them to place like that so it's kind
of my
further down the west coast of the US
I know it to be then port and all that
so I guess I get my turn so hi everyone
into being local Peugeot labs and mostly
focused on deaf activists and we should
appear and there are many things that
are keeping me awake at night but I
guess like picking one I've been very
excited to push a bunch of tutorials and
demos using repute appearances ipfs
enabling more developers to like get
into the distributed world and I keeping
more apps you might have seen a lot of
tweets recently really appreciate all
the feedback and support and yet really
kind about feeling more people
alright Mountain Time in the US the
David stuff at least David yeah oh you
can do ribbon kill it today is in the
same tension of these collaborated on a
zip code see yes
okay and I'm sure many workers new stars
and collaborated with tamales on
deploying the light guide on top of ipfs
and what keeps you awake is
understanding how to deploy everything
in a centralized network have to try to
do that first week as a and then with
Wikipedia which extend the word
I'm David I'm in Colorados I think I'm
next
I go to Colorado School of Mines during
my master's research on bit swap and
incentives and things like that and
working on at the fs cluster also and I
guess the main thing I've been thinking
about a lot is um is implementing you
know incentive site mechanisms that
don't involve currencies in such a
decentralized system and not like
messing anything up in that process of
actually analyzing the real-world
situation versus like the theoretical
math side with J aren't you anything
well it's Arizona's kind of a level we
don't follow daylight saving time so
I'll consider it mountain time anyway my
name is J carpenter and I am what keeps
me up at night is just I just digesting
all of this it's just amazing and we're
working on a variety of things with a
group here in Phoenix and we're working
with JSI PF fests we're working on some
interesting ways to maybe incorporate
the Internet of Things with the ipfs
constructive protocol so forth and we're
also working on some ways to possibly
bridge and harmonize the old with the
new in terms of naming and addressing
numbering and identity so it's like a
fire hose right now I think Jason's on
the call as well Jason you want to
introduce y'all I'll go next I'm here in
Arizona as well I'm working with Jay a
few of these projects I'm looking into a
lot of different use cases that trying
trying to implement ipfs indoor use
cases using WebRTC
wet through jazz with some other things
anyone else in that vertical in Mexico
Central America any any others or in the
okay than in the Midwest of the US
anyone hi i'm valera come from brazil
just listening and trying to absorb lt's
great welcome is there anything in
particular that you've been especially
working on are interested in or excited
about are worried about just using a PSS
for some time now just trying to do
things pretty easy to just like another
protocols of distributed networking and
try to understand in to to hopefully
improve it great okay
welcome anyone else in the in sort of
midwest ish areas all right well then
that gets towards me and i am anyone in
like you're sort of Boston New York
Strip Canada Newfoundland okay I so I'm
I'm north of Michelle by five minutes
like ride
so I'm NAT Zumwalt with protocol labs
what is keeping me up is that we will be
soft launching a website for data
together org sometime this week and I'm
excited about it but it also has not
gotten as always gotten a lot of
attention has got a knock on as much
attention as it deserves from me because
it's exciting self of trying to develop
a model of how do we think and talk
about organizations using the
decentralized web to store stuff and
manage stuff and allowing communities to
use that infrastructure and another
thing is not keeping me awake but I've
been thinking about a lot is that that I
didn't realize that there's been this
whole rebranding of cloud services as
being server
and so our use of the term serverless is
getting confused by people who are
actually just selling cloud services and
I'm not quite sure how I want to like
how I want to work with that but it's
annoying so to be continued oh and
Michelle already went so then anyone
else on this sort of East Coast strip
all right let's hop the pond 200 yeah
I'm not imagine and so would your honor
I'll go first
I'm Matt Kelly I'm a PhD student Old
Dominion University I am currently
working on interplanetary way back which
shouldn't I developed in we demoed at
IIPC back in June and we're kind of
following that to be a little more
production worthy and big as a test and
that kind of stuff so we'll be demoing
that today as well cool so okay I'm so
dalam I'm also from Old Dominion
University of sitting next to Matt right
now and always in the office so I'll be
last year in March we were in a
hackathon where we were running out of
ideas what to work on and then this ipfs
thing was like hitting in my head for
long time so I thought hey let's bring
it to the archiving community and we
implemented an archival replay system
they're using at DFS and we call it our
TV back so you have been detailing that
today and but they are I'm trying to
graduate there are a lot of things that
are pulling me towards IP at the FS
trying to escape from it as much as I
can but that's difficult you know oh
thanks for working on that anyone else
in North America or Central America or
South America and we've missed okay well
then let's go to over into Europe and
I'll let the I'll let you guys sort out
so ordering
there's no the Vig not important I think
maybe David already once
yeah okay so I'm next
I usually live in in Barcelona today I'm
in a Lee campus or with other Wes I
guess my name is Victor I worked for the
collapse as well mostly with JavaScript
things some things with the
infrastructure and other stuff I think
same as many others I have a lot of
things keep me awake but most
importantly the applications that you
are able to build on top of white papers
and being able to have offline apps that
works together with different kind of
networks and we don't have to be
connected to the backbone itself
so basically removing ourselves from
this centralized look stuff everything
is quite pointy
who's next don't afraid all okay I'll go
legs though let's go through the
Mediterranean with the south south south
so I'm Vito I mean 30 degrees and
chemical backing for the robot
and well the things that took me neither
portable Network protocols so how do we
feed this book addresses Plato's so
that's some words on relay now and we're
also things like but stop it
these are my interest of this point
[Music]
right next we do Berlin yeah bus to
Berlin okay some hectare for with
critical Lots
I live in West Berlin and what keeps me
up I work mostly on ipfs cluster and I
haven't been able to put much time into
it lately but I have good news is that a
new release will be coming very soon it
has a couple of features and then it's
coming really close to to a point where
it is mature enough that you can just
use it to you can just use it in your
data center just to to keep a couple of
boxes in sync without being set so
that's very nice and yeah that's
basically it from my side
okay like awesome I'm excited for that
my name is Lars I live in West Berlin
and I've recently had my second
anniversary of contributing cat success
and what's keeping me up at night
is similar to how a BFS is starting to
eat up the web one data set at a time I
want to see the peer to peer eat the
backbone of the internet one network at
a time and so that's what I'm thinking
about a lot and there's going to be some
some exciting work on that in the second
half of the year all right anyone else
left who wants to introduce themselves
bother me
so I'm Lucas I am currently contracted
for pretty cool apps and yeah or can
that Esther and other stuff that should
make go ipfs a bit faster and yeah
that's probably it anyone else want to
go or you don't have to if you don't
want to okay nobody's speaking up Laura
thanks for reminding me I think today is
exactly my one-year anniversary of
starting to contribute to ipfs yep I
think so too
good to have you Stan hi all right so I
diving into the massive agenda which is
no agenda item if any of them has any
agenda item I speak sorry or hold you
hold your piece for another week
it looks like we have a Steven want to
introduce themselves but their mic is
not working
Oh Steven says good going
alright well I Steven welcome Stevens
doing great work you've probably seen
some of his comments on discourse lately
and
and then I have a I have a TMI PFS Elmo
yeah we have two exciting demos and we
have plenty of time for both so let's uh
let's say go for it on ten minutes and
we can even have some time for
discussion in Afrikaans law and then we
have a net with the interplanetary way
back also being presented after you
so two exciting demos great take it away
control yeah so strangely usually a
melts my computer so we'll see we'll see
how far we can get can use you must be
yeah any orders cool so this is just a
little sort of demo app where I've been
throwing in my latest experiment so it's
not not too pretty but works for me so
first thing I'm going to look at the
peers we have we have some some bridge
nodes for a cerium and making the Xperia
available on the high DFS so he's a
mystic Allah knows that that Herman has
helped set up in various places around
the world so yeah he's he's a
experimenting with it for the DevOps
side of helping feed some of this
information and there's so so my goal
here is to to make a a light client for
a syrian that works over ipfs the pupae
and the main reason I want to do that is
to make it to make it work in the
browser the etherium network is mostly
TCP UDP based and so that's not
something that I've been able to access
directly from the browser and so we're
seeing if we can sort of create a
secondary network and enrich them so
here we need to first get a source of
blocks
the latest block and now you could do
this in a in a more proper peer-to-peer
fashion where you're alert so you know
getting downloading all the block
headers and then determining which one's
the best one and all this and in the
meantime I stubbed that out with pulling
it from in fira which is a centralized
service and then we're sort of like
trusting that their their blocks are
good and what the latest walk is good
and from there we're able to look up a
bunch of different information from the
the latest data watching and so down
here under a query lookup I started
coming up with my own sort of like query
path specific to etherium because if you
if you sort of dissected we're going
inside aetherium we're looking at the
latest block inside of that we're
looking at the state and we're looking
at the state of this particular address
the account of this address and at its
balance and when you translate that into
an IP LD path it is this less legible
thing here's the content idea of the
latest block and then we're going into
its state and then here is like the hash
of the address chunked into half bytes
which is how the the state tree is
internally represented and then we pull
the balance options via belief which is
source the account um and so I can go
ahead and perform that query I can
already tell my computer's struggling
total running a Tibetan thankfully we're
almost delegated you can try this at
home anyways yeah yeah there's a link in
there in the chat the query but did not
seem to get started there you go um so
on the right it's going to show its
individual node lookups
I'm going to I think one of the notes
timed out I'm going to try restarting
this but also as I mentioned before my
laptop's is not like sharing the screen
and that might uh might bring it down so
yeah if you do want to try it on your
own machine and you can click that link
remember to start tracking the blocks
and then if you open up the debugger you
can see the sort of the progress of
making individual queries let's see if
this one yet since we can cook it so
here you can see where we're starting to
walk down the state tree we restarted at
the block we're going down the first
node of the state tree and we're going
to go maybe six nodes deep but yeah I
can tell already that it's performing a
bit differently than it does normally
it's very slow to move from one block to
the next it might be if the laptop right
now is like trying to throttle like any
consumption make you look at your UI
smaller home is like very expensive on
the buggery your max will sleep soon
yeah I just plugged it in but I don't
know if it's going to affect performance
much okay yeah now it's that's kicking a
little bit so this is well this is a
work for me it's definitely very slow
and if the more data we start pulling
off of it it's going to be fun continue
so okay so we did get our first result
here so this is the balance of this
account and this is encoded in hex and
measured in way which is like 1 over 10
to the 18 of an ether so that this is
like the smallest decimal you rhythm
we could grab that and see the bud
first the ether is this person who has
some near 7,000 ether so my nan or
something and then the sort of my latest
where it was getting the EBM via
aetherium virtual machine to run based
on these hypotheticals so this one is
even it makes a you know many of these
these for a lookups and so may be quite
slow and maybe it won't finish um but we
can lead to a heavens so it's what we're
doing here is summons created this this
token prognosis so the whole idea behind
etherium is that it's a platform for
building other things and so to help run
their their their system which is a
predictor market to good topic for for
another time and they've created this
token and this token works as a contract
on top of a theorem and it records the
balances of people and abstract you know
lets you send each other and so here
we're sort of sending a call into the
grand virtual machine asking it what its
balance of this account is and in order
to do that it's going to load the code
of the contract and then lace and look
up the storage of the conflict and so
when first open it runs over touching it
takes maybe 20 seconds to process the
request all these things while they
showed that they work they would greatly
greatly improved by being able to make
the full query path for a new version of
this one so and may be turning my ever
a little icicle okay beautiful this demo
before
come on Basu started breaking up and I
wonder if you're not very happy
suctioning oh yeah am I breaking up for
everyone or is it just commodities can i
okay well I'll just come over and I'm
getting an echo from them
alright well Herman has also been
involved in it so maybe we can still try
to do some Q&A do people have any
questions about this demo well I'm there
is it off the minute untied paste yes
just got to go first
I'm Steven earthen saying and the chat
that given that go FS does or will very
soon support treating eath notes as IP
OD we could turn the G is demon into a
data store for IPO denotes and would
simplify querying data for anybody thank
you very much
I can pull like if you wanted a lemon
like I cannot like Shane any because
it's one you want to go for awkward well
one of the big fears the blockchain is
already 200 gigabytes of weight
we believe that in one gauge will will
be waving like three four terabytes so
one of the beaches people the serial
house is to especially notes you will
have notes for mining
notes yes from story at notes yes for
writing perspective relating them and
the story will be distributed somehow so
idea this is the first option and a
person we want to have a client it will
be very expensive for that person to
have to full storage so plugins to hook
the storage into a DSS are are on the
are on the go soon once we get this
technology fast enough for players to
work on top of it so that the surgeon is
correct
awesome like the the bit that was going
to say real integration so right now the
way that come others with this demo was
by getting different effects running on
the server and attaching the parity
equalization of it you Liam so the rest
of evolution over here iam come parity
as a data store
- Jessie peepers so we use the same
model but we have Ingo ipfs and like we
have portable other source and right now
priorities I can read about we don't
know a data store where like if someone
searches for shaggy that is from a
Nigerian blog like it will get from the
data store and the other story is
essentially requesting it to the parity
client to an HTTP call and and like the
practical ends will get a block and give
it to us kind of like a bridge
it's really bridge we can do the same
for go ipfs today you don't even need
get the only reason why you use get if
you want to bundle the get killed with a
go ipfs till and i just create one
binary for both but i think and as MN
was saying I think I can be more useful
for people to a like this binary
separated with a very clean interface
like this HTTP API to sort well and so
the fact any person can plug that
associative wants to their nodes and if
they want to plug the human
independently it from get or parity they
can and they can ship their own version
to their server which that can have as
much storage as they want to over all
those blocks but yeah good way
and now our very interesting part is if
you have a lot of machines synchronizing
and connected 20s s and some of the
machines will start to store data is
start and pin the nodes so as as matter
the moment kids we have the more faster
we will have K PLD notes available to
the mesh it's faster to think imagine
the city will be connecting your sink
awesome any further comments questions
on this I don't see any hands raised or
Kyle are you raising your hand oh no
sorry I was thank you poppy
all right well thank you for that demo
that's super exciting stuff is there any
final stuff that you guys wanted to say
Kumar mr. Herman Herman about the demo
what we want to make this faster for
today the breech are centralized so we
need to download the whole doctrine on
each of the notes and start and wait for
the notes around them to secret to get
the keys that will be the realization we
are looking forward to that this week or
next week to have everything already
indexes indexed it's super cool I am
assuming it up this is all open source
can you post the links to the repos and
yeah everything seven source you can
post the link the repo on the notes for
us all then people collect follow-up
great thank you very much and then on to
our next
oh and uh could someone also add those
links into the hackpad because the chat
remember well I guess anyone know
anything is chat like the chat and zoom
goes away it doesn't stick with the
recording so if you put stuff in there
that you want to stay for the long term
make sure they get going to the hackpad
as well all right on to our next demo
from side and that about IP WV its
planetary way back take it away
okay uh well I guess I'll get started on
this um let me through the screen
sharing
I don't know how to do the screen shine
under out there just sugar let's do the
whole distance okay so I hiked this
alright so um what I'll be doing here is
a demoing IP way back some to clean
machines on the left machine I have my
local one download it's not actually on
here yet as you can see doesn't exist
this one either either have it so um
this machine is actually a remote server
here so what I'm going to do is I'll
just pull this pull the source the sake
of simplistic investment some sample
data there alright and I do have ipfs on
here already you can say um let me see
do that and then install and you can
also pull this from from pi PI as well
but I've got some sample data in the in
the github repo so you should be able to
use it that way as well so alright so
from this just show the directory you
can run a few different commands the way
the IP wayback works is it's got an
indexer that creates a CD xj files and a
refi system that reads oh you can do it
in a crate seat in creating a CH a file
that stores the IDF ashes in there allow
the content to be serviced on replay um
so as an example i do i pu8 i pw b index
and then i've got like a sample work
here it's called froggie
i can see the output here I mean might
be the stuff a demon maybe yeah ok so go
steps to increase perform for food oh
yeah I can do that I just
then Plus again so you can see the
output looks something like this
so it just has to made a date on top and
then for each of these your eyes here
you can see there is a associated IPS
Beth hashes for this this is
representative the HTTP header as
extracted from the work and this is the
payload representative of this base URI
at this date time and so the source is
just there's one HTML page which I'll
show you here so anyway if you copy this
over you can do it some other ways but
let me copy this over to this other
machine here which I don't currently
have IP wave economic beliefs so I'll
just install it play it fit so you can
see that it does do that and I don't
think demon is running so let me throw
it in the background all right and then
I should be able to on so anyway once
you start at these stuff three places
you can do this once the demon is
running you can actually hit it our
localhost as you can see here so we
didn't actually pass any CD XJ data so
it's not aware of that file yep it does
have some sample data so an example
pulls in the sample the editing to say
this they just pull from ipfs which is
based on these hashes here but from that
one I did before let me kill the replay
system and let me create that CD XJ file
and paste it in here so this is the
thing together things I get everything
mmhmm yeah but
yeah all right so this is just a CD
extra file that sure oh yeah so that's
what it is it's banana weird netiquette
so it's scored over there all right so
now we have this CD XJ file that you can
see there if you run at the replay
system you'll start that up and locate
it again you see there's three different
ones here in a has different offices to
control the demon where that stuff that
we're into it also use a service worker
on here to do the rerouting so in web
archives if you go to replay the page
it'll reach out to the live web to try
to grab a live web content if you don't
rewrite the link so one of the work sets
so it actually did earlier this year was
to implement a service worker to
intercept these requests the live web
and point them back to a replay system
so in this example compared to last one
you'll see um it also separates it out
so you can see the difference so if you
want to see all the different resources
that are in it those are there as well
we can see so this resource here is
actually being pulled from the local
replay system and if you pull this up
you can see the service worker actually
intercept this thing you say yeah let me
redo this one so you can see the service
rig actually intercept this request for
this image but if you look at the URI of
it it's in fact goes to the live web
page um so this example kind of
demonstrates of based on a work file
that we use back over get licensed
govern from this source here on this
remote machine we index it and you can
actually just replay so I've got that
same the point is you index on this
machine and once you have an index file
you should be able to replay it anywhere
that can hit this ipfs node to do that
so if you've got fresh work or contents
on this essentially pushes these work
files web archive file into ipfs and
strips out all the relevant content and
the responses and allows you to serve
those elsewhere so if we were to just
let me pull the source on this one I can
show you that
okay so if I just the same source even
though since it as an example here can
actually punch pipe this locally into
the replay system and when I go back to
here this is an example where I had
multiple your eyes the same thing so you
separate it out and we have if you were
to just type in the mental you've asked
the page archive there it gives you a
listing of all of them on their momentum
implement in here the actual momenta
protocol so um if you were to hit this
one here there should be a time gate
endpoint or a time app endpoint on here
so each time app hope this works
actually should just be okay that's not
they're having for it but if you hit the
actual Mentos itself you should be able
to see we implement come on okay so
maybe not so I think it's under the
Mentos itself anyway so we've got
limited support for event apparently and
we're currently working on getting the
rest of it on there to make it so we can
associate these different captures based
on the hashes for that the CD X J's
represents so using a source like this
we just have these these surveys you are
eyes at a time and this additional
metadata about it you'll be able to
dereference the web archive content from
ipfs on there so I think there's done
we've done a little bit of research and
integrating this with the IP LD but it's
not in terms of so it can say a little
more about that on the terms of main
retaining the old versions of it I guess
there's some issues currently that we're
hoping to make more of an index less
system in the future we don't have this
format so let's go woods a little bit
more about it if you want I can keep
this
Geyer station John we're going to turn
your mic off I don't know how to hello
so I would briefly describe what Matt
just did there is a thing in the
marketing called work files where you
record each captures of the pages if all
the requests in response of HTTP records
go there um it's like the concatenated
with some extra metadata around that so
with all the headers in an payload in
typical so what we realized is the every
time you get a response from the server
of the headers are different but if it
is the same page there is chance that
the content will be same so so with that
in mind what we did is we go through the
records of what files that are saved
when when page is captured using any
callers and we go through these records
and separate out the headers in input
payload and put them in the IP FF system
separately and this happens at the
indexing time so we got like a word file
we go through each record one by one to
split a record header and embody or
payload in in two separate parts in the
ipfs system so that the payload when it
is the same we get the benefit of
deduplication basically and then we
winnow down the IDF's hashes in an index
file and we note down there like what
was the URL that belongs to that
particular capture what was the time
when we first captured and what is the
header and payload hashes so those are
the things that go in the index file be
Colin CBS j5
so basically what Matt did they created
or of
an existing work file invested so the
content was pushed to the local ipfs a
system that was running on on a remote
machine so the content lived there we
just copied the the index from there on
our local machine and then we clear em
the replay system and replay system only
needs to know of each URL header and
payload references inside the FS system
then it can query in the global idea
system to find out where the content is
and actually when he replayed the
content was not so from locally because
locally didn't exist I was being served
from the previous machine when we where
we invested so yeah in a previous demos
I've cut a network connection to show
that it was being told from locally but
that's a little problematic here so so
so that's it right now it requires us to
exchange that index file in there we
really want to make it an index lab
system basically and all the querying
for the records and all the captures
that we can trim into us basically they
need to exist in inside the idea system
itself and IPL be an IP NS can come in
handy to solve those issues and I will
share a link where we have some
discussions and this mechanism that we
have like the new architecture of the
system when that is so so essentially
what we need is icns right now does not
support history basically so the moment
you change the IP NS record to Anu has
you lost the track of the previous
record it was pointing to and that's
something that we want to keep us an
entire history off in order to make it
happen and then they will be for
quitting mechanism and all we need some
help on the IP only implementation so
that get is the network graph of you
know relationship between nodes when
these two pieces are in place in perhaps
I think ideally is mature enough for
that purpose but I DNS is not so for
that I Dennis need to be implementing
some sake know blockchain became ism or
something to keep all the structure
card and then they can put you know of
the momento time maps in other elemental
portal complicated stuff in place and
then it will be right now it is yet
another replay system that stores data
differently but then it will be a whole
new system that has no other I mean it
will have very little to share with what
other existing web archival triplet
systems have this will be like a more
remarkable model which does not require
any index or anything anyone can
participate in in archiving the web and
anyone can put a replay system on top of
that things would be like no aggregate
able in replayable more easily than and
someone was offended by the server less
thing it can actually create a server
less archival system in that model
that's not the seller list that that
these cloud providers advertise for
their benefit so I think I think that's
it and I would we would take any
questions and it's in anyone I don't see
any hands up anyone with questions
I suspect that to feed his question well
I cannot like got the spoiler and then
why weren't having covers in London I
got to see it firsthand so yeah like
this is super exciting super awesome
work and really had a lots of things
that the guys are doing without giveth
and I do yeah like we need to chat again
and I like understand what are the next
steps I know that you are looking
forward to have a penis and I get idns
in a way that can be broadcasted in a
more real time way and diesel which is
also in this call or it was well if you
go there right uses so if I could a
couple of words and that we have an
implementation already Mitch are sitting
there in the PR and basically there is
one issue that we
do need resolve is that we don't have
signed messages in pops up right now so
this open said now looks at respect or
attack okay so it's something that we
either need resolve being you know like
I think we need to resolve inside parts
up and support ends this other on that
it's mostly code cosmetics were chemical
versus a balance and about as integrated
but the code is pretty much ready so you
have suggesting that the IP NS will soon
be able to tell the full history of
change like how it changed over time is
that particular frankly well that's
quite I mean you can you can keep the
history if you subscribe manually to the
pub sub channel but what we'll be able
to do is it will be able to broadcast
wraps up update I mean it so that you
don't stick to your notes back would
send records from the gate see and just
get the pressure records from pop charge
so basically now that would be a
responsibility of someone else to to
note that that listen to that purpose of
in recorded somewhere in order to
adventure a name system itself will do
it
okay how about bringing in a cerium in
this picture like writing the contract
like well honestly the the current
implementation of whatsapp is flooding
flood sub so it's fine for first bird by
4% elimination and small-scale dancing
and everything
mmm but it's quite inefficient in
network in terms of network you should
share if we push so much data as could
be coming from the etherion
if you in blockchain this might be
problematic all those you can write I
mean it's just that it's like let's not
gonna scale very nicely so but within
experiments go get inside
yeah I mean I mean the good thing about
putting it in blockchain would be then
we'll be sure for the part that is
cached locally even because in in
archival system we need to list all the
changes like change history we call it
time Maps basically that is a very free
and requests we want to know all the
captives all the time and when it is in
blockade you bring it locally and then
you can put it as many time and you
won't be afraid that anything will be
changed in the middle of like I mean if
you have history from like yesterday
till like five years ago or something
you are you are sure nothing is going to
be injected in the middle of it if there
is any new change that would be after
yesterday right so so in in in putzel I
don't know how that record will be a
holic a little thing yes well jump in
there and also reminding that we have
like five minutes left that this is a
it's a confusion that comes up really
really often especially around I PMF
that IP NS is not a data format for
representing history or version history
it's just a technique for publishing
hashes in a way that you can be
confident about who published that hash
as a pointer to another hash so that's
that and there's only a current state of
that IP NFS it's designed with that
assumption so if you want version
history you need to have it you need to
choose a data format for expressing the
version history and express that version
history on your side the history of what
were the hashes for that data and one
way you can do that is you can put that
into you could use a CR DT a complicated
data type to represent your version
history you could also use git style
version graphs or lots of different ways
to represent version histories where the
the values of each entry is just a hash
and then having created that data
structure you can add that's ipfs you
now have a hash for the current state of
that version history graph that you can
pass around it effectively like a gate
commit hash and so you could so all of
that you can do without a blockchain
what the blockchain gets you is that you
can you can assert publicly in a way
that the entire network sees that
assertion on a blockchain so benign data
validation that that's actually
important from historical perspective
because otherwise if it was someone's
local history and again you know
on demand I can provide that something
then they can change things after the
fact it is very critical in archival
systems that if you say it yesterday
that your this URL belongs to this
particular hash then this needs to be
like a mail in stone like you cannot
change like you know I didn't say that
yesterday actually no you cannot so so
that's way of putting it in in a public
blog Tim makes a lot of sense you
advertise your URL associated to to a
hash and it was signed by you it needs
to be recorded and known and
unchangeable by anyone so that's very
critical yeah
I think there's like multiple layers
here that you're talking about and like
everyone is something from the
perspective of like the layer that they
are building right now and while I
understand like what for example the IP
NS overclocked some enable for the
interplanetary WebEx is something that
we chatted over when we were at the
conference in London which is I know
that I can act as also an extension for
Chrome 222 3d archives on the pipe from
chrome now you can start archiving pages
as you go and like only instead of like
crawling the web pages like you can just
capture the page that you are seeing and
you can have like the shared archives
with other people that you keep like
publishing saying okay as these pages
and experts alike had other pages and
now you can I like to work how been
created collaboratively right a key and
you can broadcast is about over pups
head like make sure to like their sign
look like no one back screaming like
saying they have a kind of something and
they didn't so it's good to have the
signatures there and then it's also
important with some organization some
entity backing up these archives right
and this is where like like a library
could like could call all these feeds
when I have it themselves or we couldn't
have a smart contract that is following
these feeds and I basically this my
caller ID does like it just follows and
I catch and there's a new work file
created it pins it to somewhere and
again this is
just like a tool mechanism coordination
that is responsible to archiving with
what files to follow these feeds the the
I think the special things here since we
have come out this demo and now your
demo is like if we get that my contract
then you can go all the way around but
because now you can you can go from the
smart contracts and like just reverse
the graph using what come up is shown
and as you can go back to the archive
file that you created on top of IVFs and
just like we the IP LD like tab where
you say okay I want a website that is
referenced by these five contracts and I
want the version that was captured on
like this date or something and just
like we won't have you have like access
to the entire version history that has
been captured and preserved through this
mechanism to all these pieces so yeah
let's bring all this as much fluid out
like we have like one middle let's bring
all of these two I can note I would
suggest for us to open an issue on IP
address class notes is people like I
know if you have a special worker for
discussion of ideas for interplanetary
way back but like yeah like if you have
such a variable let's use that it's not
quite stressed out so that everyone
could like came in with these ideas and
perfected and building blocks oh good
right
yeah awesome awesome
thank you I was just searching I feel
like it was already an IP WB issue
somewhere it's not an IPF s note but
let's go ahead and create another one in
NTFS notes all right we're right at time
is anyone does anyone have anything
final they need to call out before we
before we end this call I will thank you
to our presenters those were both really
exciting I've been looking forward to
them for a long time yeah I think it
alone typical comments you have
something Oh
you think too much okay thank you
everyone have a great week
all right one that then you can you can